husband
My head hurts a little. Yeah?
Zhang Bai, I apologize to you for what happened just now.
Then help me tell Wang Min.
I really need this babysitter
Zhang Fan
Isn't it because you didn't agree when you contacted me?
As for being so careful?
Don't give this situation
Excuse me.
I only listen to my wife
you
That's enough!
Now I didn't say look.
Just because you are my husband's classmate
Now it seems
It seems that someone is wrong
those
How did you become the manager of this branch?
You don't come every day
If something goes wrong, it's not just about firing you.
Also find someone to cancel every cent of your store account
If there is a way out
How could they do this to you?
What husband, please go
What's up?
Wife, who are you?
Don't think too much.
After all, you are also a member of our Wang family.
I'll help you.
But I don't want you to embarrass us.
Don't worry, don't worry.
Nothing.
What!
Ah, nothing.
Miss, I have something to do, so I'll go first
Miss, what's wrong?
It is inconvenient for Fang to lend me 3,000 yuan